Stopped here during a drive through Ashland, because it sounded interesting and arcane. I was right. Not what you'd expect, the little used bookshop is full of rare and fascinating books on Alchemy, knowledge held by Mystery Schools of the past, and quite a selection of rare books on similar subjects. The owner was super friendly and helpful, even gave me a birthday discount on my purchases. Only in Ashland could a place as cool as this exist.
Talk about rising from the flames! Beautiful used book store, the smell, atmosphere and vibes. Can't get this from your cardboard Amazon box!
A little of everything and a lot of what I've been missing these last couple years. Neighborhood gem. ❤️📚📖🤓 …
Super cute cozy little bookshop. Great prices on used books. Awesome selection. Great for just getting lost in the stacks
Amazing hermetic book selections, where I do believe they practice the craft of magic mystical arts in the selection of books they feature in the front window. No other explanation can convey the cosmic alignment of book titles that seem to ever be changing and appear in the front looking glass, prescribed possibly for each unique individual who may pass and behold the arrangement. Upon investigation and pressing the woman who sometimes holds down the concierge front desk position, I was able to get her to admit that yes indeed the books do sometimes fly through the air and place themselves in the front display without any physical human coercement - beware!
I feel like Google doesn't log the reviews I leave.. But if you're looking for an off the beaten path used bookstore full of rare finds deep reads and awesome people then this is the spot for you.  A small handful of spiritually wealthy individuals keep the dream alive. They buy books on Saturdays. Independent practitioners offer tarot readings human design readings and so on..
Lots of spiritual topics available. These are the type of businesses that need to be supported most.. and reading as a fundamental practice that needs to be done more so now than ever.
Kindles are cool and all... But paper the touch the feel the smell of a hardcover book from 1930 or 1970 or 2001.. Just hit different 🫡✅✨🙏
This book shop is absolutely wonderful. The shop itself is very clean and bright with lots of natural light in the front section. The selection is great, lots of nice editions of classics, a decent section of scifi-fantasy, a nice variety in general, and the prices on everything are very reasonable. The gentleman working the desk was incredibly polite and a pleasure to talk to.
Good selection of used books and offered at very reasonable prices. Some of the particular books I was interested had worn covers but the prices seemed more than fair based on the conditions. It was easy to find and browse various categories.
Hermeticus Book store is   a hidden wonder. The prices are very fair. The store owner is a writer who has also had experience in owning and running several book stores. He is a great assist to those looking for hard to find books. He offers much variety for children. Children love his store. He has hard to find holistic books, tarot cards, novels, Spiritual books and the hermetic traditions.
This bookshop is a great place to spend time with wonderful books.  There is a wide selection of spiritual books among art books, old books, philosophical books, chess books, children's stories etc.  The owner is friendly and informed.  He also has quite a nice selection of Thangkas for a reasonable price.  I bought this one as a present for my partner last Christmas.  He loved it.
Nothing but goodness! The owner & every staff member I’ve ever met are amazing. Fun artwork, chill vibe, excellent location, fair prices. Woman owned and operated.
Smallish used bookstore.  Their selection covers a broad range of interests and they provide a comfortable atmosphere to search and sample books.  Prices are fair.  My star rating reflects my preference for much larger stores with broader selections in each category.
A rare gem, containing rare finds. I added some treasured books to my collection from this lovely store
As I was walking around town, i spotted this darling little bookshop, and had to go in.  I felt as if i had come home.  Old wood floors, a sweet couch, tall book shelves,  and Miles Davis playing....I could have browsed for hours.  I will definitely return.  Very friendly owner, and book selection exceptional.
A lovely home bookstore. Friendly lady working the counter and a fantastic dog learning the ropes. Great book selection, from older classics to newer additions. A hidden gem of ashland
Keep stopping by to add to my collection of life-changing texts. selection of used classics & rare esoteric tomes from all traditions like I have yet to find in any other bookstore around the world. a shining jewel that generously provides value well beyond the price on the receipt
Lots of great, rare finds. Shop is warm, cozy, and tidy. Staff are super helpful and friendly. One of Ashland’s best kept secrets! Worth a visit.
I am so glad this bookstore is back! And in Ashland's railroad district!!! I stopped in and immediately found several great books and chatted with the owner about some of my favorites. I will have a hard time not buying more books than I can read with such a great store so close!
I stopped in and talked to the owner about him buying some old books from my mother (91 y.o.) he went out of his way to come to her house in Medford and bought several at what I thought was a fair price. two thumbs up.
This is the neatest book store I've ever been to. They have everything I've ever wanted to learn about. I wish I could have bought everything. My afternoon just became hurrying home with my honey to read to each other.
Always a great source of interesting, offbeat and cool books! Friendly service and super cute shop! Happy place for book lovers! 📕📗📘📙📚 …
Such a cute book store. There are so many great books in there its hard to pick what I want. I highly recommend.
This place is amazing. Great selection in hard to source topics, both fiction and nonfiction. I picked up a useful book on astrology.
The atmosphere is really calming and happy, tons of people come in with their friendly puppies and there is a surprisingly large selection for what looks like such a small shop
It was a pleasure to support a fire survivor business when replacing so many books I had lost in the Almeda fire.
